#HealthMatch

#This project was created in Microsoft Visual Studio with Entity Framework Core. It is a Model-View-Controller (MVC) application. Upon visit to the site, user input, based on location and urgency of a healthcare visit will be collected. When the input is submitted, information for a clinic based on that information the user provided will appear. 
#I have a bachelor’s degree in Community Health. Since deciding to get a degree in computer programming, I have wanted to merge the two and create programs in the health field. Because of my health degree I know what is needed for people to live a healthy life. This topic requires a great deal of environmental factors that could be added as criteria to create an in-depth application - which I would love to get into by expanding this project.
#Then project does just what it was intended to do – success. I accomplished working with MVC with new programming I hadn’t done in previous projects. I learned that MVC is vastly different than working with ASP.Net web forms. I used tutorials to finish the project. I will use what I have learned and build this project into something more.
#I really enjoyed working on this project. I am proud of myself for working with new-to-me programming features. I learned that Microsoft is ever evolving and add news concepts to their programming software consistently. Therefore, I must continue to learn the new in order to keep up with the rest of the programming community. With that said, the basics are just as important, and I will continue to perfect them. 
